when I call myself blonde and I'm
Resident of the United States-America
two years ago and that I have been here
Dominican republic I have gone to Mexico
see my girlfriend and I've never had
problems to get anywhere
then a very familiar collaborator arrived
and they tell me not that I can not enter the
picture that the laws say that for me
a resident can enter the equator
American has to have a letter of
invitation as far as I know those who
they have to have an invitation are the
Cubans who come from Cuba but I do not
it must be unheard of like the government
Ecuadorian if you see the laws at your
way and at your disposal to be able
do what they want with the country and
that is very similar to me
island cuba and I arrived on the flight of
six suddenly I wash my
line to check normal and when
it got there tells me people migration not
but your documents passport designs
Cuban with my other flight connection because
had another flight by decision to
America
and he says to me and I give him to you and I tell him I'm
American resident do not expect a
moment but like wait if there is
some problem with him if he waits for me
delivery a girl who treat me very
bad way I do not know why I do not know if very
Despot mind treats me and tells me not to
that I can not enter the country because
I am Cuban and I say if I am Cuban
but I live in the usa
I work, I plan my vacation
because here in this country that
plan it then as you
They are going to tell me not to stop me from
ticket to see some relatives
very much when I had beacon in three and it was
to see my girlfriend when I had the hotel
and the round trip payment
and suddenly you have to go and take me
the documents I took a girl
they pressed experience not wait and after
soon they appear as five or six the
people admiration ask me questions to the
semen questionnaire trying to intimacy
me but I like I have nothing to lose
I simply did not explain anything to them
look I'm here to see her
family for the situation that they
They spent five years here will do while
I do not see them and I have the need to
see them since I can not go to Cuba
true mom by right now
because I do not have the money
then imagine I got a room
and there mission is to take out all things
briefcase they checked me and I was fit to
what does he want and this camera so that
you want her like these are your
intentions named him so many questions
that's fine but from my past my
passport and my residence and I long
of the country if what you want is not
between humala as automatic to see my
girlfriend I leave a past and I leave not you
is withheld that you can not leave
for mexico and they take me for a second
floor